MM-28649 Add Mobile E2E documentation (#682)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/mobile/e2e/file-structure.md

---
title: "Folder and File Structure"
date: 2020-09-02T09:00:00-00:00

> weight: 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: 2
```

subsection: Mobile End-to-End Testing
---

> The folder structure is mostly based on the [Detox scaffold](https://github.com/wix/Detox/blob/master/docs/Guide.Jest.md) which was created on initial run.  Folders and files are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The folder structure is mostly based on the [Detox scaffold](https://github.com/wix/Detox/blob/master/docs/Guide.Jest.md) which was created on initial run. The folders and files are:
```

Reviewer 2: Which initial run was used to create the scaffold?

```
|-- detox
  |-- e2e
    |-- support
    |-- test
    |-- config.json
    |-- environment.js
    |-- init.js
  |-- .babelrc
  |-- .detoxrc.json
  |-- package-lock.json
  |-- package.json
```

> 1. `/detox/e2e/support` or [Support Files](https://github.com/wix/Detox/blob/master/docs/Guide.Jest.md#2-set-up-test-code-scaffolds-building_construction)

Reviewer 2: Is this a reference to a specific requirement or just a link for more information?

Author: @justinegeffen Link for more information

> 1. `/detox/e2e/support` or [Support Files](https://github.com/wix/Detox/blob/master/docs/Guide.Jest.md#2-set-up-test-code-scaffolds-building_construction)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `/detox/e2e/support` or [Support Files](https://github.com/wix/Detox/blob/master/docs/Guide.Jest.md#2-set-up-test-code-scaffolds-building_construction).
```

>     - The support folder is a place to put reusable behaviour such as Server API and UI commands or global overrides that are wished to be applied and available to all of test files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The support folder is a place to put reusable behaviour such as Server API and UI commands or global overrides that should be available to all test files.
```

>     - The support folder is a place to put reusable behaviour such as Server API and UI commands or global overrides that are wished to be applied and available to all of test files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The support folder is a place to put reusable behavior such as Server API and UI commands ,or global overrides that should be available to all test files.
```

Reviewer 2: Note: My suggestion includes Linda's suggestion - thought it easier if they were rolled into one.

2. `/detox/e2e/test` or [Test Files](https://github.com/wix/Detox/blob/master/docs/APIRef.TestLifecycle.md)

>     - To start writing tests,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - To start writing tests:
```

>         - Create a new file (e.g. `login.e2e.js`) within `/detox/e2e/test` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Create a new file (e.g. `login.e2e.js`) in the `/detox/e2e/test` folder.
```

>         - simply create a new file (e.g. `login.e2e.js`) within `/detox/e2e/test` folder

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - Create a new file (e.g. `login.e2e.js`) within `/detox/e2e/test` folder.
```

>     - Subfolder naming convention depends on test grouping, which is usually based on the general functional area (e.g. `/detox/e2e/test/messaging/` for "Messaging").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The subfolder naming convention depends on the test grouping, which is usually based on the general functional area (e.g. `/detox/e2e/test/messaging/` for "Messaging").
```

>     - Test cases that require an enterprise license should fall under `/detox/e2e/test/enterprise/`. This is to easily identify license requirements, both during local development and production testing for enterprise features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Test cases that require an Enterprise license should fall under `/detox/e2e/test/enterprise/`. This is to easily identify license requirements, both during local development and production testing for Enterprise features.
```
